Added Standalone documentation (#779)
netgroup-polito/CrownLabs: provisioning/standalone/README.md

# Standalone Applications

## What is a Standalone Application?

> **Standalone applications** are autonomous web services that are exposed by **HTTP**. Those services have to be packaged in a **container**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Standalone applications** are autonomous web services that are exposed over **HTTP**. Those services have to be packaged in a **container**.
```

> An example could be a **container** exposing a **static web page**. If the **container** includes **all the dependencies**, it can be considered a **standalone application**. Some examples are [listed below](#applications).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example could be a **container** exposing a **static web page**. If the **container** includes **all the dependencies**, it can be considered a **standalone application**. Some additional examples are [listed below](#applications).
```

> ## How Kubernetes manages Standalone Applications?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How CrownLabs manages Standalone Applications?
```

> **Standalone applications** are just **instances** of a **template** whose **environmentType** is **Standalone**. **Instances** are not provided by **kubernetes**, they are **CRD resources**, managed by the **instance operator**, which is a **controller** capable of creating what is needed by a **standalone application**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Standalone applications** are **instances** of a **template** whose **environmentType** is **Standalone**. **Instances** and **templates* are **CRD resources**, managed by the **instance operator**, which is a CrownLabs **controller** capable of creating what is needed by a **standalone application**.
```

## Why standalone applications?

> **Standalone applications** allow users to create their **templates**, without having to manage the **cluster infrastructure** (_ingress_, _service_, _deploy_, and _pvc_ are created and managed by the **instance operator**). So a **developer** can focus on the **container** without thinking about the **infrastructure**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Standalone applications** allow users to create their **templates**, without having to manage the **cluster infrastructure** (i.e., _deployments_, _services_, _ingressess_, and _pvcs_ are created and managed by the **instance operator**). Hence, a **developer** can focus on the **application** (i.e., the container) without thinking about the **infrastructure**.
```
